# Cleaning Shifts

http://poj.org/problem?id=2376

### Description

Farmer John is assigning some of his N (1 <= N <= 25,000) cows to do some cleaning chores around the barn. He always wants to have one cow working on cleaning things up and has divided the day into T shifts (1 <= T <= 1,000,000), the first being shift 1 and the last being shift T.

Each cow is only available at some interval of times during the day for work on cleaning. Any cow that is selected for cleaning duty will work for the entirety of her interval.

Your job is to help Farmer John assign some cows to shifts so that (i) every shift has at least one cow assigned to it, and (ii) as few cows as possible are involved in cleaning. If it is not possible to assign a cow to each shift, print -1.

### 问题概述

有一个大的区间，要求用小区间覆盖，求最少的区间数量。

### 解题思路

先对小区间排序，按照左端点递增的顺序考虑区间，在保证左端点能和上一个区间连着的情况下，尽量选取右端点更大的。

### 注意事项

右端点是包含的，因此下一个区间的左端点可以大1，而不用相等

### Input

\* Line 1: Two space-separated integers: N and T

\* Lines 2..N+1: Each line contains the start and end times of the interval during which a cow can work. A cow starts work at the start time and finishes after the end time.

### Output

\* Line 1: The minimum number of cows Farmer John needs to hire or -1 if it is not possible to assign a cow to each shift.

### Sample Input

```
3 10
1 7
3 6
6 10
```

### Sample Output

```
2
```

### Sample Input

```
3 10
1 5
6 6
7 10
```

### Sample Output

```
3
```

### Sample Input

```
2 4
1 2
3 4
```

### Sample Output

```
2
```



### Hint

This problem has huge input data,use scanf() instead of cin to read data to avoid time limit exceed.

INPUT DETAILS:

There are 3 cows and 10 shifts. Cow #1 can work shifts 1..7, cow #2 can work shifts 3..6, and cow #3 can work shifts 6..10.

OUTPUT DETAILS:

By selecting cows #1 and #3, all shifts are covered. There is no way to cover all the shifts using fewer than 2 cows.